.TH USBIP "8" "June 2015" "usbip_libusb" "System Administration Utilities"
.SH NAME
usbipd_libusb \- USB/IP device side daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B usbipd_libusb
[\fIoptions\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B usbipd_libusb
runs on a divice side computer and provides USB/IP access from remote computers.

To make devices accessible from remote computers, they must be made importable using \fBusbip_libusb bind\fR.

This is an alternate of usbipd with libusb instead of native linux USB/IP drivers.

.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB\-4\fR, \fB\-\-ipv4\fR
.IP
Bind to IPv4. Default is both.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-6\fR, \fB\-\-ipv6\fR
.IP
Bind to IPv6. Default is both.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-daemon\fR
.IP
Run as a daemon process.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
.IP
Print debugging information.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-PFILE\fR, \fB\-\-pid FILE\fR
.IP
Write process id to FILE.
.br
If no FILE specified, use /var/run/usbipd.pid
.PP

\fB\-tPORT\fR, \fB\-\-tcp\-port PORT\fR
.IP
Listen on TCP/IP port PORT. Default is 3240.
.PP

\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
.IP
Print the program help message and exit.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
.IP
Show version.
.PP

.SH LIMITATIONS

.B usbipd
offers no authentication or authorization for USB/IP. Any
USB/IP client can connect and use exported devices.

.SH EXAMPLES

    dev:# usbipd_libusb -D
        - Start usbip daemon.

    dev:# usbip_libusb list --local
        - List driver assignments for usb devices.

    dev:# usbip_libusb bind --busid=1-2
        - Bind usbip-host.ko to the device of busid 1-2.
        - USB device 1-2 is now importable from other computer!

    dev:# usbip_libusb unbind --busid=1-2
        - Unind usbip-host.ko from the device of busid 1-2.
        - USB device 1-2 is not importable from other computer.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBusbip_libusb\fP\fB(8)\fB\fP
\fBusbip\fP\fB(8)\fB\fP
