.TH USBIP "8" "February 2009" "usbip" "System Administration Utilities"
.SH NAME
usbip \- manage USB/IP devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B usbip
[\fIoptions\fR] <\fIcommand\fR> <\fIargs\fR>

.SH DESCRIPTION
On a USB/IP device side computer,
lists local devices, makes a device importable, makes not importable,
connects a device and disconnects a device.

On a USB/IP application side computer,
lists devices importable from a remote computer, attaches a remote device and detaches an attached device.

.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
.IP
Print debugging information.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\fR
.IP
Log to syslog.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-tPORT\fR, \fB\-\-tcp-port PORT\fR
.IP
TCP port number used by remote usbip daemon. Default is 3240.
.PP

.SH COMMANDS
.HP
\fBversion\fR
.IP
Show version and exit.
.PP

.HP
\fBhelp\fR [\fIcommand\fR]
.IP
Print the program help message, or help on a specific command, and
then exit.
.PP

.HP
\fBattach\fR \-\-remote <\fIhost\fR> \-\-busid <\fIbusid\fR>
.IP
Attach a importable USB device from remote computer.
.PP

.HP
\fBdetach\fR \-\-port <\fIport\fR>
.IP
Detach an imported USB device.
.PP

.HP
\fBconnect\fR \-\-remote <\fIhost\fR> \-\-busid <\fIbusid\fR> [\-\-device]
.IP
Connect a USB device to remote computer.
.PP

.HP
\fBdisconnect\fR \-\-remote <\fIhost\fR> \-\-busid <\fIbusid\fR> [\-\-device]
.IP
Disconnect a USB device from remote computer.
.PP

.HP
\fBbind\fR \-\-busid <\fIbusid\fR>
.IP
Make a USB device importable from remote computer.
.PP

.HP
\fBunbind\fR \-\-busid <\fIbusid\fR>
.IP
Make a USB device not importable so it can be used by a local driver.
.PP

.HP
\fBlist\fR \-\-remote <\fIhost\fR>
.IP
List importable USB devices from a remote computer.
.PP

.HP
\fBlist\fR [\-\-parsable] \-\-local 
.IP
List local USB devices.
.PP

.HP
\fBlist\fR [\-\-parsable] \-\-device 
.IP
List local USB devices with an alternate driver, e.g. vUDC.
.PP

.HP
\fBport\fR
.HP
.IP
List imported USB devices.
.PP


.SH ARGUMENTS
.HP
\fB\-rHOST\fR, \fB\-\-remote HOST\fR 
.IP
Remote host address.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-bBUSID\fR, \fB\-\-busid BUSID\fR 
.IP
Bus ID of a device to be handled.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-pPORT\fR, \fB\-\-port PORT\fR 
.IP
d.
Port number of an imported device shown by port command.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-local\fR
.IP
Target local devices.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-parsable\fR
.IP
Parsable format.
.PP

.HP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-device\fR
.IP
Run with with an alternate driver, e.g. vUDC.
.PP


.SH EXAMPLES

dev: at a device side computer
.br
app: at an application side computer

Attach a device from a remote computer
    dev:# usbip list
        - List local USB devices.
    dev:# usbip bind --busid 1-2
        - Make a USB device importable from a remote computer.
    app:# usbip list --remote 172.1.2.3
        - List importable USB devices on the computer.
    app:# usbip attach --remote 172.1.2.3 --busid 1-2
        - Import a remote USB device.
    app:# usbip port
        - List imported USB devices.
    app:# usbip detach --port 0
        - Detach the USB device.
    dev:# usbip unbind --busid 1-2
        - Make a USB device not importable, then release to local.

Connect a device to a remote computer
    dev:# usbip list
        - List local USB devices.
    dev:# usbip connect --remote 172.4.5.6 --busid 1-2
        - Export a USB device to a remote computer.
    dev:# usbip disconnect --remote 172.4.5.6 --busid 1-2
        - Unxport a USB device from a remote computer.


.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBusbipd\fP\fB(8)\fB\fP
\fBusbipa\fP\fB(8)\fB\fP
